RESOURCES.md, before:

# Resources

- [DDD starter modeling process](https://github.com/ddd-crew/ddd-starter-modelling-process) - A step-by-step guide
  to start using Domain-Driven Design (DDD) in your projects, focusing on the strategic patterns.
- [Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software](https://www.fnac.com/a2578298/Eric-J-Evans-Domain-driven-design)
  by Eric Evans - The seminal book that introduced the concepts of DDD. A fundamental (but hard to read).
- [Implementing Domain-Driven Design](https://www.fnac.com/a5374870/Vaughn-Vernon-Implementing-Domain-Driven-Design?oref=e826f80d-ce56-27c4-40fc-2a10b7afb307)
  by Vaughn Vernon - A practical guide to applying DDD principles in real-world applications.
- [Learning Domain-Driven Design](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-domain-driven-design/9781492057870/)
  by Vlad Khononov - A hands-on approach to mastering DDD with practical examples and case studies. Very insteresting
  as it doesn't only focus on DDD patterns but also covers satellite practices like Event Storming, data mesh, etc...
- [Virtual DDD](https://virtualddd.com/) - A community-driven resource for learning and sharing knowledge about
  Domain-Driven Design.
- [Awesome DDD](https://github.com/heynickc/awesome-ddd) - A curated list of resources, articles, and
  tools related to DDD.
- [DDD by example](https://github.com/ddd-by-examples) - A collection of repositories to help you understand
  and implement DDD. The `library` repository is particularly useful.
- [Event Storming](https://leanpub.com/eventstorming) by Alberto Brandolini - A guide to the Event Storming
  workshop technique for collaborative domain modeling.

Commit message:

docs(resources): add testing references

RESOURCES.md, after:

# Resources

## DDD

- [DDD starter modeling process](https://github.com/ddd-crew/ddd-starter-modelling-process) - A step-by-step guide
  to start using Domain-Driven Design (DDD) in your projects, focusing on the strategic patterns.
- [Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software](https://www.fnac.com/a2578298/Eric-J-Evans-Domain-driven-design)
  by Eric Evans - The seminal book that introduced the concepts of DDD. A fundamental (but hard to read).
- [Implementing Domain-Driven Design](https://www.fnac.com/a5374870/Vaughn-Vernon-Implementing-Domain-Driven-Design?oref=e826f80d-ce56-27c4-40fc-2a10b7afb307)
  by Vaughn Vernon - A practical guide to applying DDD principles in real-world applications.
- [Learning Domain-Driven Design](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-domain-driven-design/9781492057870/)
  by Vlad Khononov - A hands-on approach to mastering DDD with practical examples and case studies. Very insteresting
  as it doesn't only focus on DDD patterns but also covers satellite practices like Event Storming, data mesh, etc...
- [Virtual DDD](https://virtualddd.com/) - A community-driven resource for learning and sharing knowledge about
  Domain-Driven Design.
- [Awesome DDD](https://github.com/heynickc/awesome-ddd) - A curated list of resources, articles, and tools related to DDD.
- [DDD by example](https://github.com/ddd-by-examples) - A collection of repositories to help you understand
  and implement DDD. The `library` repository is particularly useful.
- [Event Storming](https://leanpub.com/eventstorming) by Alberto Brandolini - A guide to the Event Storming
  workshop technique for collaborative domain modeling.

## Testing

- [Jqwik](https://jqwik.net/) - Property-based testing in Java
- [ArchUnit](https://www.archunit.org/) - Architecture testing in Java
